hello everyone out there is some
minecraft phone 111 here and I haven't
posted a video in a while but i'm really
liking these new fireworks that i add in
the update so I thought well for me I
really didn't know what I was doing so I
thought I would make a video so that way
people like me can figure out what
they're doing now I have all these
fireworks and that was me when I was
just trying to figure out what the heck
I was doing but this one is probably my
favorite one that I made because I had
no idea that you could like make the how
to make those flight duration longer but
now i'm going to show you guys so
basically what you want to do to start
out is get one piece of one thing of
gunpowder which and small people you
know creepers drop and then pick a die
let's go with lime all right now you're
going to pop on your crafting table put
the gunpowder and the line and then get
your fireworks star but before you do
this if you want to have special effects
on it you got to go back here and this
fire charge makes the explosion bigger
this one I think makes it flicker this
one gives it a tail and if you use this
it explodes into a creepers head which
is really cool you can use any head that
you want and then this one just makes it
like burst um so let's make a fire
charge and lets you use one thing of
glowstone dust alright so now we're
going to head back to the crafting table
put the gun powder on the bottom the dye
on top and there's your fireworks star
it's a small bottle small ball sorry my
putting your fire charge put in your
glowstone dust now it sets large ball
lime and twinkle so you're going to grab
that fireworks start put it in your
inventory and now you're going to want
another little hang on so if you use one
piece of gunpowder along with a piece of
paper then you'll get a flight duration
one if you use two pieces of gunpowder
then you give flight duration too and if
you use three you get flight duration
three which is the largest so we're
going to do three
because it looks better if you let it go
longer so you put your fireworks start
here your paper their gunpowder
gunpowder gunpowder now it says firework
rocket flight duration three large bowl
lime twinkle click on it place it in
your inventory you know obviously since
I'm on creative I are unlimited of these
but once you launch off one that's all
you have so let's see how it looks looks
pretty nice to me so yeah you can
experiment like if you I'm pretty sure
one of these I have the creeper head
yeah right here this is what the creeper
head looks like which is really really
cool um yeah it's basically a you can
experiment with all different dyes you
can put more than one died in one so
like this one will explode into many
different colors so yeah there's a whole
bunch of colors around their sisters
different dyes so you can just
experiment with different colored eyes
all these will change certain effects
and yeah have a blast it's really fun
and I'm glad they updated it thanks for
watching hope it helps bye